A “design document” for your project in the form of a Markdown file called DESIGN.md that discusses, technically, how you implemented your project and why you made the design decisions you did. Your design document should be at least several paragraphs in length. Whereas your documentation is meant to be a user’s manual, consider your design document your opportunity to give the staff a technical tour of your project underneath its hood.

For the design of our website, we wanted it to be clean and simple. We decided to implement a homepage and chose to display information on cards, as well as display a dynamic graphic that shows how much money has been donated. You will also notice that at the top of the homepage, there is a navigation bar that allows the user to access other pages on our website. We chose to create a function that allows user's to register for an account with a form that will have the user input the desired username, as well as a password and then confirm the password and make sure that they match. The register page also has an interactive youtube video, which will give the user more information about the organization and the kids that are apart of the organization. We embedded the video in our register page, so that when people go to resgister for an account, they can also learn more and see some of the kids that take part in the youth movement. If the user already has an account, they will be able to use the login function and the login form is just a simple username and password. The login form will all the user to access the donation page from the navigation bar at the top of the screen.

We used html, css, javascript, python, and jinja in contructing our website. For our website HTML provides the structure of our website and is how we created the different pages within our website, CSS adds styling to our website, JavaScript makes the interactions possible, Python manages server-side logic, and Jinja was able to help us embed dynamic pieces within our HTML templates.

The bulk of the information in our website comes in the about us and programs pages. We chose to create a page labeled about us, which details the work that the organization is involved with, and more information about what the organization actually does. We chose to display the mission statement, as well as information about how to get involved. The programs page also highlights the various programs that the organization has to offer, including educational and creative arts programs. We also chose to display images that will give the user a good idea of what some of these programs look like. We chose to keep the navigation bar lightly colored and highlighted at the top of the screen, and we put headers with the name of the website in a darker color just below.

Our donate function is login required, meaning you have to login before accessing this function. The donate function includes a form that will allow the user to fill out their username and how much money that they would like to donate. The donate page also includes hyperlinks at the bottom of the page that will allow user to directly access the about us page and the programs page if they are curious about what the organization is actually about, before they donate money. We created a database that will allow us to track the users who are registered and have an account on our website. We used a db.execute query in order to sum over the users donations and then display them in the bar that is present on the homepage of our website. This allows our website to be dynamic and the homepage will update anytime that a user makes a donation and will in turn update the donation bar that is present on our homepage.
