Documentation for your project in the form of a Markdown file called README.md. This documentation is to be a user’s manual for your project. Though the structure of your documentation is entirely up to you, it should be incredibly clear to the staff how and where, if applicable, to compile, configure, and use your project. Your documentation should be at least several paragraphs in length. It should not be necessary for us to contact you with questions regarding your project after its submission. Hold our hand with this documentation; be sure to answer in your documentation any questions that you think we might have while testing your work.

Our project involves creating a website for a non-profit organization in Israel that dedicates itself to helping others through a youth movement. It focuses on helping children with special needs, through developing their social skills and helping them interact with their community. We decided to build our website using Flask and our website was coded with the use of python, css, html, and javascript. When you first access our website, you will be brought to our homepage. On the homepage, we provide a breif overview of what the organization is involved in, and some of the programs that Krembos Wings provides. You will also notice the donation bar at the top, which serves to remind people to donate to the organization and displays the goal of raising 100 thousand dollars for the organization. You will also notice the navigation bar at the top, outlining the other pages that can be accessed from our homepage.

These tabs include the about us page, which allows user's to read more information about the organization and how they can get involved with the organization itself. The navagation bar also updates each time that you click on another tab, so that you can access the other tabs from each page. We also have a programs page outling the programs offered. You will also notice the login and register functions in the navagation bar. These are for users to make an account within the database of our website. This will give users access to login and use the username and password they created. You can also logout of the account that you are logged into and will be forced to login again if you wish to donate money. One you have established an account and logged into our database, you will be able to access the donate function within our website. The donate function will pop up in the navigation bar at the top of the website. Our donate function will allow users to type in their information and then make a donation to the organization. We realized that understanding how to make an actual donate function where users could make secure payments, was too ambitious so we created a version in which the user can just donate and get an alert displaying how much money they donated.

Our SQL database contains the username and the password(encrypted) of each registered user. It is also contain the amount of money each user have been donated which being added to the donation bar at "Home" page. The database is a secure function that stores the neccesary data that we need to update certain elements of our site.

Video url - https://youtu.be/u2Afc2YAELY


